fix: UAT4 Testing Feedback (#36)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-example-foundation-app: foundation-extension/3-networks-extension/README.md

- Alternatively you can perform the steps of the bash script manually laid out in the next section

### After cloning 3-networks from example-foundation

> - Follow steps in [example_foundation 3-Networks](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/3-networks/README.md), interchanging the path `terraform-example-foundation` with `terraform-example-foundation-app/foundation-extension`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow steps in [example_foundation 3-Networks](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/3-networks/README.md), interchanging the paths
  - `terraform-example-foundation/3-networks` with `terraform-example-foundation-app/foundation-extension/3-networks`
  - `terraform-example-foundation/build` with `terraform-example-foundation-app/build`  
```
